:warning: officially deprecate go/v2 plugin (legacy layout Kubebuilder 2.x) (#2734)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: docs/book/src/plugins/go-v2-plugin.md

# go/v2 (go.kubebuilder.io/v2 - "Kubebuilder 2.x" layout)

<aside class="note warning">
<h1>Deprecated</h1>

> The `go/v2` plugin cannot scaffold solutions which uses CRD and/or Webhooks with the v1 version and properly
> work with the plugins ecosystem introduced with Kubebuilder `3.0.0`[More info](plugins.md). Note that `v1beta1` was deprecated on Kubernetes `1.16` and no longer is offered since its release `1.22`.
> Therefore, this plugin was kept to ensure the backwords compability with old Kubebuilder versions
> scaffolds produced with `"Kubebuilder 2.x"` layout. 

Reviewer: Some wording adjustments:
```suggestion
The `go/v2` plugin cannot scaffold projects in which CRDs and/or Webhooks have a `v1` API version. 
The `go/v2` plugin scaffolds with the `v1beta1` API version which was deprecated in Kubernetes `1.16` and removed in `1.22`. 
This plugin was kept to ensure backwards compatibility with projects that were scaffolded with the old `"Kubebuilder 2.x"` layout and does not work with the new plugin ecosystem that was introduced with Kubebuilder `3.0.0` [More info](plugins.md)
```
